[obsreport] Replace Prometheus namespace with metrics prefix (#5939)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: CHANGELOG.md

### 🛑 Breaking changes 🛑

> - "otelcol" part of the exposed metrics that is set as Prometheus namespace is replaced the same explicit metrics prefix (#5939)

Reviewer: To be clear to most users this will not be a breaking change as the prometheus metric exposed will be the same. 

```suggestion
- Update `otelcol_` part of the exposed Prometheus metrics to be set via a metric prefix instead of a namespace (#5939)
```
